Documenting dynamic properties to silence deprecation notices, adding missing properties (#461)
alleyinteractive/byline-manager: README.md

# Byline Manager

[![Testing Suite](https://github.com/alleyinteractive/byline-manager/actions/workflows/all-pr-tests.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/alleyinteractive/byline-manager/actions/workflows/all-pr-tests.yml)

Manage an article's byline and author profiles.

## Requirements

> Byline Manager requires PHP 8.1+. It is developed for use on WordPress 4.9+,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Byline Manager requires PHP 8.1+. It is developed for use on WordPress 6.3+,
```
